solving #2876 (#4037)
mattermost/docs: source/install/config-tls-mattermost.rst

.. note::
   Password-protected certificates are not supported.
   

> **Configure TLS on NGINX (proxy)**

Reviewer: This section is called "Configure" but the three steps below seem to be a list of functionality available as opposed to instructions. One option is to rename this header to something like "Using TLS on NGINX as a proxy", with a brief introduction (using point one), followed by points two and three being turned into bullet-points. The more context and detail around this, the better. :)

Author: done

.. note::
  Do not set up TLS on Mattermost before before doing so for NGINX. It breaks the connection as the TLS prevents it from successfully communicating with the Mattermost server.
 

>  - NGINX will act as a forward proxy to encrypt the traffic between the client and Mattermost server. Hence after installing SSL certificate,  the incoming traffic will be handled via NGINX on port 443 exposed to internet, proxy to the Mattermost server running on port 80.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - NGINX will act as a forward proxy to encrypt the traffic between the client and Mattermost server. After installing the SSL certificate, the incoming traffic will be handled via NGINX on port 443 exposed to the internet, proxy to the Mattermost server running on port 80.
```

 Other helpful resources:
 
- `NGINX's SSL blog <https://www.nginx.com/blog/nginx-ssl/>`__
- `NGINX's SSLguide <https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/security-controls/terminating-ssl-http/>`__
 
.. note::

>   Do not set up TLS on Mattermost before before doing so for NGINX. It breaks the connection as the TLS prevents it from successfully communicating with the Mattermost server.

Reviewer: This is a really helpful note. I propose moving it to the beginning of the section for awareness.

Author: done

.. note::
   Password-protected certificates are not supported.
   

> **Configure TLS on NGINX(proxy)**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Configure TLS on NGINX (proxy)**
```

Reviewer: Are the steps below a procedure or are they guidelines? If they're guidelines, one option is to replace the numbers with bullet points instead. :)

>  1. To encrpyt the traffic between End-Client and Mattermost server, NGINX will serve as forward proxy. Communication flow will be as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. NGINX acts as a forward proxy to encrypt the traffic between the client and Mattermost server.
```

>     End-Client -> NGINX (port 443) -> Mattermost server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  2. Upstream encryption between NGINX to Mattermost server is allowed. (optional, not needed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. (Optional) Upstream encryption between NGINX to Mattermost server is allowed.
```

 3. Follow `NGINX's guide on setting up SSL Termination for TCP Upstream Servers <https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/security-controls/terminating-ssl-tcp/>`__.
 
 Other helpful resources:
 

>   `NGINX's ssl blog <https://www.nginx.com/blog/nginx-ssl/>`__ and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NGINX's SSL blog <https://www.nginx.com/blog/nginx-ssl/>`__
```

>   `NGINX's ssl guide <https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/security-controls/terminating-ssl-http/>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NGINX's SSLguide <https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/security-controls/terminating-ssl-http/>`__
```

 
.. note::

>   Do not setup TLS on mattermost before before doing so for NGINX. It breaks the connection as the TLS prevented it from successfully communicating with the Mattermost server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Do not set up TLS on Mattermost before before doing so for NGINX. It breaks the connection as the TLS prevents it from successfully communicating with the Mattermost server.
```
